Ah! Who are you?
Really noble people forget things
Climbed Xue Zhilong
You can forget about our four families
How about the four major families?
Song Zongqi always forgot to hum
It's a great honor to introduce this person to you
descendants of the Liang family
He Xue Zhilong was in Guangzhou in front of everyone
Except for the name of the Liang family
He stole the face of the Qi and Song families
The most important thing is to cut off the lifeblood of our experts
You still have the face to hold what kind of party here
Then you go to him
What are you doing with our neighbor?
Will go to them
But now our four major families are having a hard time
Don't even think about it
The four major families have all declined
The Liang family is gone
Why are you so beautiful?
Today is the birthday of our neighbor
Xue Zhilong will be there in a while
You just come here to find trouble
Aren't you afraid that he will come and teach you a lesson?
Right.
Don't forget that our Lin family is kind to Xue Zhilong
As long as we speak
Your four families disappeared from the building every minute
Hahahaha
Let's disappear
Okay, then I'll make you disappear first
By the time he arrives, it will be too late.
Enough
What are you doing?
What are you shouting for?
Ah!
Ah, Mom!
Let go of my daughter
Let go